the most magicians like a pick a card
for this one I just need you to name one
nine of them diamonds
now most spectators they can remember a
card from the face I need you to
remember it from the back okay here I'll
make it a little easier for you and we
could stand out of course now it's a lot
easier for me to find the car
so it's a little shake and you back to
normal
of course now if I find it well it's not
that impressive we know where it is
morning buddy what's up you can't get
the trick out of my head
look come here I want to show you
something all right I want you to think
about this all right come here come here
yeah
can't explain it this is mind-blowing
well I can't help you if you don't tell
me anything about it here see this
yeah get me this and I'll teach you
whatever you want so you want that I
watch your hands
is how we play the game